>> Steve Kinney: So
just a few final thoughts.
A lot of these AWS services
make making a lot easier.
And I kind of just said is that with
really professional grade tools.
Just, that you had a lot of helpers
from Amplify, Mobile Hub and AppSync and
other services, you can use either
one of them without the other one.
It's very much take all you want,
take everything, right?
We looked at everything and
how you use them together.
But if there's one of these technologies
that interests you more than the other,
if you have a particular use case
where you only need one of these APIs,
you can just use that one, right?
You can theoretically just use and stuff.
I have actually learned a lot from
spinning up stuff in Mobile Hub and
then looking what Amazon did for me.
Like because a lot of
getting started guides,
at this point I've read most of them,
they're like 500 pages each.
And they start out good and
get esoteric as they go on but
it's very interesting to see some of
these configurations in practice.
So AppSync makes it really easy to
configure GraphQL which is, for me,
as a front end engineer,
a very life changing technology.
The idea that I can basically
make it if you are request again,
just the data it need
from a single end point.
To build my UIs is incredibly powerful.
I also wanted to leave you with
some areas of further research.
We use React,
you can use all of this with Angular.
We used React because I use
React on a daily basis.
They also have bindings for
Angular if that's your thing.
Pinpoint we talked a little bit
about allows you to fire a whole
bunch of tracking events if you've
use something segment IO Or
something like that,
it has got a lot of that built in.
It also allows you to send notifications
out to users either via SNS,
email or push notifications.
MobileHub recently supports Lex for
building conversational experiences.
I have not gotten a chance to play with
that yet but it looks super interesting.
I'm not totally sure what you can do with
it yet but, I will find out shortly.
And then lastly the kind of point that I
just made and I just want to reiterate it,
one final time.
Is that Mobile Hub applications
are real applications they are using
the same technology as many
other very large applications.
And a great way to kind of get started
with a very good infrastructure that you
can scale and you can focus on making
the parts of your application that
are important and differentiated rather
than implementing for for the 700th time.
It's very interesting to see some
of these conventional configuration
things come back.
>> Speaker 2: So the [INAUDIBLE] you
know you showed us the graphs thing.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: The graphQL and
before that we were doing
the database the other way.
Are those just two ways
of putting a preference?
>> Steve Kinney: Just two ways.
Yeah there's just two ways to do it,
graphQL it's own complicated thing.
Sometimes it might be
power than you need too.
For instance right now at Sun Grid
we want to use graphic QL on
our front ends, right?
And the architecture team wants
to give us graphQL endpoints.
Right?
The big problem is how do we, because,
a given resolver,
we looked at very simple examples.
But if you think about okay, an event
could have some numbers of comments.
Right?
And those comments could
also have another relation.
Right?
And if you're not careful you
could DDoS your entire system,
because each resolver
kinda works independently.
And so as you're doing all these things
you could have these, because it's
a graph you can have these effects that
you weren't really thinking about.
Now with the Amazon stuff you're a little
bit safer, because you can scale,
but also you need to be a little
bit careful with that stuff.
For most new projects,
I would likely go with graphQL.
>> Speaker 2: Yes so here we had one
table, so you're kind of saying,
yay when you start having
your relational tables.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: You can start to just go
down the rabbit hole.
>> Steve Kinney: The thing
about very powerful tools
is they can be very
powerful foot guns as well.
>> Speaker 2: I use NT Framework it's
a .Net thing for plugging in your SQL
tables it's almost the same,
I could start to pull in all my tables.
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And
cause everything to go [SOUND].
>> Steve Kinney: Yep, yeah.
That's exactly,
>> Speaker 2: I have done up to
20 includes, knowing [CROSSTALK]
>> Steve Kinney: Believe the saying goes
with great power comes
great responsibility.
[LAUGH] graphQL is incredibly powerful.
>> Speaker 2: It goes for
starting and like how far can I go?
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah, exactly.
So we are very cautiously optimistic
about for implementing it.
Because for us we started our
business as a API company which, so
we build very good backend the APIs which
means we don't build, particularly.
We haven't always built particularly
good APIs for our frontend, right?
So you get one resource and it gives
you a link to go fit the next one.
All of a sudden, I'm making 18 HX requests
to get the data I need to display the UI,
right?
If we can find some way where
I can ask for that one thing,
this could be really powerful and
helpless on a performance level, right?
But we could also take down the company,
[LAUGH] right if we do it poorly, right?
Especially like if some of these
are publicly accessible, right?
It's like, we could be diligent but
so on and so forth.
>> Speaker 2: Yes,
on that view models and get just that so
imagine there's something
similar where you say this is.
>> [NOISE]
>> Steve Kinney: Yeah,
even like the connections that
way you can have a default.
You're gonna get back 20 unless
you say otherwise, right?
And then you'll get a next token if you
want more and stuff along those lines.
So there are patterns and protections, but
we saw connections because made them for
us.
They're not like a graphQL convention.
They're not like,
you automatically get that all the time.
No.
If you're building your own
graphQL server.
You're not having a schema
magically generated for you.
It could be very likely that you could be
minding your own business and thinking
about some edge case where all of a sudden
things exponentially get more complicated.
Cool.
Thank you so much.
>> Speaker 2: [APPLAUSE]